vectorgen

Description
-----------

Generate code for a vector class, with the specified data types.  Supports C
builtins such as double as well as user-defined types.

The api is similar to the C++ stl::vector, providing resizing, push, pop,
and iteration.

The vector has the concept of size and capacity, the former being the visible
size of the data and the capacity being the actual size of the underlying
array, which can have a buffer beyond the visible size.  This improves
efficiency.  

Most methods are generic, while those that create or sort arrays are type
dependent.  These are the code generated by the script specially for the
requested types.

Builtin types are 

        typename      shortname
        float         f
        double        d
        int8_t        b
        uint8_t       ub
        int16_t       u
        uint16_t      us
        int32_t       i
        uint32_t      ui
        int64_t       l
        uint64_t      ul
        char          char
        unsigned char uchar

The short names are used in the names of the vector structures and their
associated methods, e.g. dvector, dvector_new etc.

Usage examples for an double vector; for other types, just replace "d"

    #include "vector.h"
    // get a new double vector
    dvector* vec = dvector_new();

    // push some values.
    for (size_t i=0; i<10; i++) {
        vector_push(stack, i);
    }

    // the size is kept in the ->size field
    for (size_t i=0; i<stack->size; i++) {
        printf("stack val[%lf]: %ld\n", i, vector_get(vec,i));
    }

    // pop the values
    while (vector_size(vec) > 0) {
        printf("popped value: %lf\n", vector_pop(vec) );
    }

    // clean up
    vector_free(vec);
