fbpager.x: 5000
fbpager.y: 5000
fbpager.alpha: 100
fbpager.changeWorkspaceButton: 1


fbpager.workspace.width: 64
fbpager.workspace.height: 48 
fbpager.workspacesPerRow: 6400
fbpager.followDrag: false
fbpager.followMove: false
fbpager.raiseWindowButton: 2
fbpager.lowerWindowButton: 3
fbpager.closeWindowButton: 3 3 1
fbpager.exitButton: 1 3 3
fbpager.nextWorkspaceButton: 4
fbpager.prevWorkspaceButton: 5
fbpager.moveInWorkspaceButton: 1
fbpager.dragToWorkspaceButton: 2
fbpager.align: LeftToRight
fbpager.color: black
fbpager.windowColor: white
fbpager.focusedWindowColor: white
fbpager.windowBorderColor: black
fbpager.backgroundColor: darkgray
fbpager.currentBackgroundColor: lightgray
fbpager.multiClickTime: 250
fbpager.icons: false
fbpager.windowBorderWidth: 1
